README.md, before:

# Sukker - Linear Algebra library written in rust

![Build Status](https://github.com/Jafagervik/sukker/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)
[![Documentation](https://docs.rs/sukker/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/sukker/)
[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/sukker.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/sukker)
[![Coverage Status](https://codecov.io/gh/Jafagervik/sukker/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Jafagervik/sukker)
![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintenance-experimental-blue.svg)
![License](https://img.shields.io/crates/l/sukker)


Linear algebra in Rust!

Parallelized using rayon with support for many common datatypes,
sukker tries to make matrix operations easier for the user, 
while still giving you as the user the performance you deserve.

Basic operations on sparse matrices are also supported now

Need a feature? Please let me/us know!


## Why V2 already?

With added error handling and a good amount of rewriting, a major version was due 
to avoid any confusion.

## Examples


### Dens Matrices 

```rust 
use sukker::{LinAlgFloats, Matrix};

fn main() {
    let a = Matrix::<f32>::randomize((8, 56));
    let b = Matrix::<f32>::randomize((56, 8));

    let c = a.matmul(&b).unwrap();

    let res = c.sin().exp(3).unwrap().pow(2).add_val(4.0).abs();

    // To print this beautiful matrix:
    res.print(5);
}
```

### Sparse Matrices 


```rust 
use std::collections::HashMap;
use sukker::{SparseMatrix, SparseMatrixData};

fn main() {
    let mut indexes: SparseMatrixData<f64> = HashMap::new();

    indexes.insert((0, 1), 2.0);
    indexes.insert((1, 0), 4.0);
    indexes.insert((2, 3), 6.0);
    indexes.insert((3, 3), 8.0);

    let sparse = SparseMatrix::<f64>::init(indexes, (4, 4));

    sparse.print(3);
}
```

More examples can be found [here](/examples/)


## Documentation
Full API documentation can be found [here](https://docs.rs/sukker/latest/sukker/).

## Features 
- [X] Easy to use!
- [X] Blazingly fast
- [X] Multiple features on dense matrices
- [X] Serde support 
- [X] Support for all signed numeric datatypes 
- [X] Can be sent over threads
- [X] Sparse matrices with matrix multiplications

Commit message:

Sparse matrix operations (#6)
* Basics added

* Added more predicate functions

* Docs

* more docs?

* Tried to fix badges

* Speed up sparse matrix multiplication

* Standardize benchmarks

* Matrix multiplication for sparse M K K N mm

* matmul works!

* randomize added for sparse matrices

* random functions

* Added inverse, but only up till 2x2 matriecs

* added dot procut shorthand

* Added many more function on sparse matrices as well as modified some termonology

* Update readme

README.md, after:

# Sukker - Linear Algebra library written in rust

![Build Status](https://github.com/Jafagervik/sukker/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)
[![Documentation](https://docs.rs/sukker/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/sukker/)
[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/sukker.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/sukker)
[![Coverage Status](https://codecov.io/gh/Jafagervik/sukker/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Jafagervik/sukker)
![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintenance-experimental-blue.svg)
![License](https://img.shields.io/crates/l/sukker)

Linear algebra in Rust!
---

Parallelized using rayon with support for many common datatypes,
sukker tries to make matrix operations easier for the user, 
while still giving you as the user the performance you deserve.

Regular matrices have many features already ready, while 
Sparse ones have most of them. Whenever you want to switch from 
one to the other, just call `from_dense`, or `from_sparse` to
quickly and easily convert!

Need a feature? Please let me/us know!

Even have custom declarative macros to create hashmap for your
sparse matrices!

## Examples


### Dens Matrices 

```rust 
use sukker::{LinAlgFloats, Matrix};

fn main() {
    let a = Matrix::<f32>::randomize((8, 56));
    let b = Matrix::<f32>::randomize((56, 8));

    let c = a.matmul(&b).unwrap();

    let res = c.sin().exp(3).unwrap().pow(2).add_val(4.0).abs();

    // To print this beautiful matrix:
    res.print(5);
}
```

### Sparse Matrices 


```rust 
use std::collections::HashMap;
use sukker::{SparseMatrix, SparseMatrixData};

fn main() {
    let indexes: SparseMatrixData<f64> = smd![
        ((0, 1), 2.0), 
        ((1, 0), 4.0), 
        ((2, 3), 6.0), 
        ((3, 3), 8.0)
    ];

    let sparse = SparseMatrix::<f64>::new(indexes, (4, 4));

    sparse.print(3);
}
```

More examples can be found [here](/examples/)


## Documentation
Full API documentation can be found [here](https://docs.rs/sukker/latest/sukker/).

## Features 
- [X] Easy to use!
- [X] Blazingly fast
- [X] Linear Algebra module fully functional on f32 and f64
- [X] Optimized matrix multiplication for both sparse and dense matrices 
- [X] Easily able to convert between sparse and dense matrices
- [X] Serde support 
- [X] Support for all signed numeric datatypes 
- [X] Can be sent over threads
- [X] Sparse matrices
